When we created the logging endpoint, when we changed logging endpoint return and JWT, we only tackled
one type of token which we are going to call access token.
We still have to implement the refresh token.
In fact, when I want to log in, I want to have access to two types of tokens.
So one for access and another one to manage the refresh of the authorization process.
To do that, I'm going to create a new type here, new Java class.
I will call it logging.
Okay.
My logging class will have a private final token field called access token.
And a private final token field called refresh token.
L do.
Same constructor to be a private one.
I want to have a factory method.
We will not.
Those are objects that we don't change during their lifetime.
They are created.
They are returned.
That's it.
And then public.
Static token.
Uh.
Not token public static logging of.
And he usually if.
Uh, long.
User I.D..
And.
I think that's it's.
I'm going to pass as well.
Two strings.
My access.
Secret.
And my refresh secret.
And he tried to turn.
And you log in.
Token of.
He's right.
This one will be valid for one minute.
My access token will be valid for one minute.
Access token.
Access secret.
One.
L.
Token of user I.D..
Uh, 1440.
This is one day.
Okay.
And my refresh secret.
And it sits.
And I need to get through here.
And they also need to get their here.
So now in my oath service, I will return logging information.
They'll return a login of.
I will not use this.
Okay.
This information is on my log in class.
But I will return this very long.
KING okay.
And they will also at this.
But in the last video we also introduced.
The possibility at Wendell.
It went to a little too properly and all these kind of configurations to properly end and all these,
uh, these situations where we need.
We need this.
We need this
configuration, information, keys, secrets, all of that.
Just you know, also the important as we are here.
Just notice they are not used.
So what I am going to define is that in this service, I am going to define to a private
right to define a private final string.
Access.
Access token secret.
And the private final string.
Secret.
Uh, refresh.
Token secret.
Okay.
I will inject it with constructor.
And we will.
Intent is a bit better.
So it be my string.
Access tokens.
Secret mastering.
Refresh tokens.
Secret and these dot access tokens.
Secret equals access tokens.
Secret these dot refresh tokens.
Secret equals refresh tokens secret.
So I'm not complaining, but I'm going to add this value.
And I'm going to load from this from the properties as well.
So I will define this and it's a string.
Little sign, curly brackets.
Application Dot.
Security dot refresh access.
Token secret.
Application security refresh token.
Secret.
Now we just have to go.
To your application properties file.
Here.
And we need to enter here.
So one is for access.
The other one is for refresh.
And if we go to war.
Authorization service we have for a very long piece.
These disappears.
Access.
Talk secret.
Refresh, talk and secret.
In my configuration.
I just started like this.
I.
Here like that.
So access key.
This will be a refresh key.
Refresh scheme.
So the configuration is set.
I now have these two keys defining configurations if I ever need to change it for any reason.
It's much easier to do so.
The only thing missing is that I want to return my refresh token as.
So in comptroller, I want this actually to be step looking.
I want to return here, steal my access token.
But in this case, this is no longer a token, is a log in information.
So I want to return logging dot get access token dot token.
And I want what the refresh token in the cookies.
So in fact, what they need to do.
Is to excess my in my several response.
So in in spring this is done by injecting HDP cells.
What response?
This will be my response
and is my response directly on the servlet container.
So if this log in information, then I need to create a cookie.
Cookie to be a new cookie.
I will call it refresh token.
And you contain my logging note, get refresh token, not a token.
I will set.
Max H.
3600.
Cookie sets.
HTP only true.
Cookie set path slush EPA.
And the response as.
Cookie.
Maybe not this cookie.
I lost my application.
You have an error somewhere.
Okay.
So I launched my login and now I have two different tokens here.
We can check again on, uh, Jason were talking token page.
Oh, I have this one year.
And we can also f the one in the cookie.
We also contain a value.
And this one will be different.
We see that the villages are different.
So it's working as we expected.